---
id: xa0zy
title: Frontend Mentor
file_version: 1.1.2
app_version: 1.2.4
---

# A complete guide to submitting solutions on Frontend Mentor

So, you’ve put in the time to build out your solution. You’re happy with how it looks and have tried matching it up to the design. Now it’s time to submit it to the platform!

Here is a walkthrough of the various fields you’ll need to fill in:

## 1) Title

Try to make sure that your title is nice and descriptive so that it helps catch people’s attention.

*   For example, instead of just adding a title of `“HTML and CSS solution”` you could say `“Mobile-first solution using CSS Grid and Flexbox”`. This helps add context to your solution and can lead to more people looking at it.
    

## 2) Repository URL

The word `“repository”` relates to Git version control. We need to create a repository where your code is stored so that other people can easily see it.

## 3) Live Site URL

The Live Site URL is where you need to provide a link to a working version of your project. This is what people are going to see when they preview your solution and give you feedback, so it’s crucial that this link is working.

There are a number of ways to create a live version of your project using the code from your code repository. Here are a few options we recommend:

### Vercel

*   Vercel is doing incredible things in the front-end ecosystem. They’re a top-class tool that we’d recommend getting to know and playing around with.
    
*   They make it easy to connect your repo (GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket) and publish to a live URL.
    
*   For more information on getting set up, head over to the Vercel documentation – [https://vercel.com/docs](https://vercel.com/docs?redirected=1).
    

### Netlify

*   Netlify is another incredible tool that is worth getting to know as a front-end developer. It’s effortless to connect your repo and publish it to a live URL which will track any changes you make to your code.
    
*   To get set up with Netlify, check out the Netlify docs – [https://docs.netlify.com/](https://docs.netlify.com/)
    

### GitHub Pages

*   This is arguably the easiest way to create a live URL for your project. Go to Settings on your repository, scroll down to the GitHub Pages section and configure it to track your `main/master` branch.
    
*   As soon as it’s all hooked up, you’ll be able to see your project using the URL GitHub provides!
    

## 4) Tags

You can add tags to your solution to add more context to it. Adding tags helps others on the platform discover your solution if they’re following a tag you use. Tags are for additional tools, techniques, and topics you focused on with your project. You won’t see HTML, CSS, and JavaScript tags, as they’re implied by the languages required for a challenge. But you will see tags like `“react”`, `“bem”`, and `“accessibility”`. Be sure to add the tags you feel are relevant to your project. If you haven’t used any additional tools, it’s fine to leave the tags empty.

## 5) Question for the community

Although this field is optional, it’s absolutely crucial to write something if you’re looking to get feedback on your solution. Solutions with questions show up on the dashboard and so are much easier to find than solutions without questions.

Be as specific as you can be when you write your questions. The more specific you can be the more specific and focused the feedback will be. Writing something like “Please provide feedback” or “Please tell me how I can improve” isn’t likely to help you get valuable and detailed feedback.

So be sure to put some thought and effort into your questions. The more you can help the people out who are looking to give you feedback the more likely you will be to get receive valuable insights.

## 6) Submit Solution

Now it’s time to submit your solution! Once you’ve submitted your solution, don’t forget to check the design comparison and the solution report. These will give you valuable insights into any visual or code-related issues with your solution.

Don’t forget to share your solution around. The more people who see your solution, the more likely you are to get feedback from a number of people.

Also, be sure to check out other people’s solutions to see how others have approached the same challenge. There’s a lot to be learned by reading other people’s code. If you have a question about someone’s approach or have some feedback leave a comment on their solution. Frontend Mentor is all about the community helping each other improve, so don’t be afraid to ask questions and help each other out 🙂

<br/>

<br/>

<br/>

<br/>

<br/>

<br/>

<br/>

<br/>

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://app.swimm.io/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBaW50ZXJhY3RpdmUtcmF0aW5nLWNvbXBvbmVudCUzQSUzQWpha3Viamlyb3Vz/docs/xa0zy).
